[⌂ Table of Contents](/docs/README.md) | [← Previous Article](/docs/blocks/core-blocks.md) | [Next Article →](/docs/blocks/templates.md)

# React Blocks
While most blocks in Catapult are created as [ACF Blocks](/docs/blocks/acf-blocks/README.md), blocks can also be created as Gutenberg React blocks. These can be found in the [/themes/catapult/blocks/react-blocks/](/themes/catapult/blocks/react-blocks/) directory.

## When to use React blocks vs ACF blocks
Most blocks in the block library should be created as ACF blocks. However, occasionally a block needs a more advanced Block Editor interface, and in these instances a React Block is a possibility. Right now, only the navigation block structure exists as React blocks in order to allow an editor experience that mimics the menu appearance on the frontend. If unsure what type of block to create, contact a Computan developer.

## Common Errors
* `This block has encounter an error and cannot be previewed` - this happens when there’s an issue in the block markup itself making it unable to render. Often caused when the block markup/HTML is manually edited incorrectly in the Block Editor.
* `This block contains unexpected or invalid content` - includes an `Attempt Block Recovery` button. This is a very common Gutenberg error that occurs when the expected markup generated by the React block's `save` function doesn’t match the previously saved markup loaded from the post content field. It’s usually a problem in the React code, or will occur if the React code is updated in which case a one-time recovery is needed.